Q: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A: I'd use remote repository, Whenever i'd:-
   1. Want to share final version or even beta verison for testing of project with friends and colleagues.
   2. Want to make a backup of the project somewhere else other than my local machine.
   3. Open for other developers so that they can play around with it and improve it.

Q: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A: Suppose i am working on a project with my friends and so whenever remote is updated by any of my co-workers, my git would also pull the
   same so instead of pulling each and every small update i'd prefer pulling manually after the whole project has been uploaded on remote.

   And sometimes if i want people to work on my project and update their modification to remote i wouldn't necessarily be wanting to implement
   those modification on my version which is on my local repository. Hence i prefer manual pulling than automatic.

Q: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A: 1. Diff Between Forks and Clones:-
   * Forking create a clone of a repository within github, whereas Cloning can create a clone of a 
   repository from github to local machine or from one local machine to another machine.

   2. Diff between Forks and Branches:-
   * Forks operates on branches whereas branches operates on commits.

   3. Clones and branches:-
   * A Clone also operates on branches whereas branches operates on commits.

   Usage:-

   1. I'd use forking when i need to clone a repository stored in a user's github account to my github account.

   2. And I'll be using Cloning when i need to clone a repository from a github account to my local machine or from any
   other machine to mine.

Q: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

A: 1. If i want a project on which i am working with other people, not to be modified anymore and want to
   keep it as it is for sometime, then storing it locally would be benificial.

   2. Or if i want to work offline with the version of remote repository i'll store it first locally and work on it's
   own different branch than branch which has the version of my local repository.

   3. Or lastly if i want to merge or want to work using both my local repository version and remote version then, storing
   the remote version locally would be helpful.