Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A: The reason behind the engine start failure was the typo of word "Space", i inserted word "spacr" instead
   of "space". Thus the game didn't execute well.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A: Having in hand the history of changes of all program files makes it easier to bring forth
   previous code when required or restore when needed to older version.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

A: The Pros and cons of preferring to commit manually than automatically can be written in two parts:
   
   * Pros:
   1: Not much cluttering in history of changes or commits. 
   2: Each commit will be logical and executable if is a code.

   * Cons:
   1: Possibility of skipping few logical changes and commits can be too big.
   2: Possibility of commiting on each small changes and can make list of commits too much cluttered.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: It is because git is mainly created for the purpose of saving and tracking coding files, which often have multiple files which are interlinked, whereas other VCSs like Google Docs etc are 
   mainly purpose for the purpose of saving and tracking common doc files like word, excel etc which do not have any functionality like link between two files.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A: Command "git log" shows the number of commits/"changes saved" made in a file and description for the commit.
   Command "git log" can be used by entering into the repository first and then entering the command "git log" or "git log --stat".

   Whereas the command "git diff" shows the changes/differences between two commmits of a file.
   Command "git diff" can be used by entering into the repository directory first and then entering this command : 
   "git diff <commit id of old version> <commit id of new version>".

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A: Though making changes could break something but because of the version control which helps in saving files prior to each significant change in files, a person is very confident and not hesitant 
   to make changes as he's assured that his files are being saved prior to whenever changes are being made.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A: I want to use the workspace for the purpose of version-control of my web development and designing projects.